##Dev Process

When I started this site, I wanted to provide a clear, supportive overview of myself through a markdown-created website. 
My initial goal was to give as much information as possible, but I decided to cut down the filler and unnecessary portions of it.
Instead, I focused on presenting concise, meaningful content that would be easy for visitors to navigate and understand. 
So I restructured it into a well-organized clean project. 
To manage my time during this, I scheduled different segments of the work into different dates, such as the development process on one day, then the website building on another, then refining the website on another.
I chose to do this to better break up the work flow and condense it into a more manageable state for myself. 
This approach helped me stay productive and avoid rushing important steps. 
I decided to include relevant information about myself such as skills, work experience, past works and projects as to keep the information and site in an admissible state.
Additionally, I reviewed and revised the content multiple times to ensure clarity, consistency, and a suitable final state.

This site helps me progress my career through acting as a functional, organized collection of information such as skills, experience etc.
It is constantly ready to be accessed and updated as need be, making it a reliable professional resource. 
The main challenge I faced while developing this site was my inexperience with GitHub as a platform.
I did not have much prior experience with the software, so I had to spend a fair amount of time learning the ins and outs such as pages, committing changes, repositories, etc.
Another challenge was my inexperience with markdown as a language. Although, it was considerably less difficult to learn and it did not require too much time to be spent. 
Through building this site I developed new skills in web development through my newfound knowledge of GitHub. I also developed a newfound skill in writing Markdown. 
By dividing different stages of the project into different time slots, I improved my time management skills. Additionally, I improved my problem-solving abilities fixing errors independently.

Some feedback I received was that the site originally had too much unnecessary information, which I resolved earlier.
I was also told the site needed to be presented in a more appropriate, or professional manner. 
I fixed this through learning more about GitHub, specifically the Pages feature. 

